# CS250-SNHU
Journal Portfolio for CS 250 Software Development LifeCycle

Using the content of the requirements and the interviews with our clients. We construct the user needs directly from verbal queues. These can be things like "This needs to have..." as an easy one but others such as "I should be able to..." "I should not be able to..." and then there are the user wants as well, which are a little lower on the "totem pole" so to speak but may be just as important. We can find these through the queues of "I want to be able to..." "I would like to..." and other such queues. After we identify these wants and needs we use the user stories to organize the requirements and rank them on the importance of the fulfillment of these different parameters. Where wants will be ranked lower than needs but can each be organized by which want is more important towards a fully working product to satisfy customers.

Approaching programs through a development lens means to keep a scrutinizing eye on the program itself with the concepts of the requirements in mind. This requires critical thinking as well as sometimes needing some out of the box solutions that you would never realize. In the future I hope to be able to take advantage of daily scrums in order to quickly grasp how every portion of the project is going as well as regular meetings in order to be able to bounce solutions off of other teams to see an outside point of view on the issue being tackled.

Proper communication is a gigantic benefit when it comes to software development. If critical information does not get passed along it can cause an issue with developing a program with the proper requirements. This is why the translation of what the clients require being passed through the PO and retranslated by the Scrum Master for the teams is a vital portion. If the PO didn't translate the information they received from the clients and place them into different user stories for the Scrum Master to look over, there would be no way for the teams and Scrum Master to know what the client exactly wants. One example for this is during this course there was a point where the client wanted to shift the focus of the program being developed from a top 5 destinations list to a top 5 detox/wellness vacation spots list. If proper communication was not held during this, there would not have been the shift in focus in the final product.
